Update OAuthIntegration.rst (#323)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/OAuthIntegration.rst

   -  ``exo.oauth.{OAuth_Provider}.clientSecret`` - Client Secret of your
      application.

> For OpenId, you need to add 1 more properties which is url will contains parameters userInfoUrl to be called during the protocol execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OpenId, you need to add 1 more property which is the url of the resource named well-known configuration file. In this file, all other information are present.
```

> Theses urls are implicit in other providers, but as OpenId can be implemented in different ways, we have to provide urls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is implicit in other providers, but as OpenId can be implemented in different ways, we have to provide url.
```

> In urls, replace `openid.server.com <openid.server.com>` by the name of your OpenId server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In url, replace `openid.server.com <openid.server.com>` by the name of your OpenId server.
```

	::

	    ## OpenId Urls

> exo.oauth.openid.wellKnownConfigurationUrl=https://openid.server.com/.well-known/openid-configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	    exo.oauth.openid.wellKnownConfigurationUrl=https://openid.server.com/.well-known/openid-configuration
```

	::

	    ## OpenId Urls

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exo.oauth.openid.wellKnownConfigurationUrl=https://openid.server.com/.well-known/openid-configuration
```
